we've all argued with significant others  right uh towards the end of a  relationship we might argue and say  something that we regret saying that  could be technically verbally abusive  but this isn't one argument this isn't  one week one month  one this is an extended period of time  but there's evidence that has surfaced  that when uh his girlfriend was getting  another surgery later on down the line  he was live streaming opening pokemon  cards ignoring the fact that she was  there in a medical distress situation  again and he was instead trying to earn  revenue on twitch which is a dumb thing  for a millionaire like gus to be doing  when your girlfriend needs and wants you  but even before that  uh gus johnson from what i understand  was not supportive at all and literally  was just straight up like  you know i'm not i'm not [ __ ] doing  this like you're not having this baby  and like you want me to watch this dude  like you want me to watch like this  person crying and like talking about  this and it's like it's so heavy like  this is some real heavy [ __ ] not only  was gus unsupportive in the beginning of  the in the beginning of the pregnancy  even before he knew that it was a  ectopic  uh pregnancy that like she had no shot  but to like absolutely abort okay  otherwise she's gonna die  but even after that when she does end up  getting an abortion he's not there for  her  and he places  his career over  uh he placed his career over their  relationship over her well-being and  it's like kind of [ __ ] up it's not  even kind of like it's just [ __ ] up  it's very personal very [ __ ] up  and that's what  uh yeah gus personally [ __ ] admitted  to it in a tweet and [ __ ] are  still trying to defend him those are in  my opinion almost unforgivable  narcissistic patterns and sorry to make  it about myself but you know i always do  that as someone who is raised by two  narcissists and someone who has  narcissistic tendencies himself that he  has to constantly check all the time  it's so frustrating when i see some  late flagrant narcissist getting away  with [ __ ] like this it is  not okay  [Music]  bye  [Music]  the point of me making this live was  basically i realized today  that i have nothing to offer a man  nothing  and i feel like it took number one it  took me uh 32 years to realize it  because i just found that out today so i  was today years old when i realized it  and then um it took me a lot of pride  swallowing to be able to admit it  i'm gonna tell you why i feel the way i  feel this is not based off anyone else  this is only based off myself but i just  wanted to share it just in case it may  help somebody else i feel like i don't  have anything to offer to a man because  a man asked me  what i had to offer him and it was the  way he asked that made me realize that i  don't he simply stated i realize that  you're single but tell me what would i  benefit from having you as my woman  now outside of the basics like oh i look  nice i can cook  i work i don't have nothing else to  offer and the reason i realized that i  didn't is because i got to thinking  about myself and all i've been doing for  oh so many years is just working and  taking care of kids i don't know  necessarily what i'm into so  there there goes hobbies i'm not  necessarily sure my feminine level of  energy because majority of my  relationship i wore the pants so how can  you  as a woman offer to be a woman to a man  if you've never fully been a woman  i am a woman because i'm a female but  i'm talking about like actually be a  woman like to a man i've never  experienced that so i don't know what  that feels like so i can't honestly say  that i have anything to offer as far as  a woman outside of just being a woman so  that means all i really do have to offer  is some [ __ ] because i'm a woman and we  have one that's really not enough i  can't honestly say i can invite i can  offer you a nurturing environment  because i'm too frustrated about the  children that i have and the lack of  help that i have with them so it's like  i can't necessarily be so nurturing to  you when i'm frustrated at the amount of  nurturing that i'm already doing so  therefore i know i can't offer you that  i can offer cooking for you but then it  to me it comes at a price because if  you're coming and you're sitting and  you're eating by food and you're not  providing any of it i'm a filaway so now  i'm offering you bitterness that's not  anything a man wants why would you want  a bitter female well i'm bitter because  of my own merits so it's not your job to  fix the bitterness it's my job to fix  the definition of being bitter in itself  a mixture of disappointment disgust  um  fear and i want to say frustration those  are i believe the four main categories  that are inside of being bitter a lot of  times when a person says that they're  bitter a lot of people see negative and  that's not always the case you can be  bitter for the right reasons and it come  off the wrong way if that even makes  sense as much as i want a man to come to  me ready able to provide work and handle  himself i think that me as a female i  need to have my emotions in check  because if a man wants peace i don't  have any because i'm frustrated i'm  bitter i'm emotional i'm upset so i made  this video because today i realized that  i don't have anything to offer a man  outside of good looks and i learned that  i don't want a man for just his looks so  how can i be so selfish and set and and  only offer a bare minimum and expect so  much that is some unfair [ __ ] i don't  know about all these other females other  females may not agree or even feel the  way i feel but i know me i know the man  that i'm i'm looking for and wanting i'm  not even half of him so the reason that  i'm even talking about all of this is  because i watched a video that steve  harvey had a while ago  um and what he said was that when you're  out looking for a spouse you should find  a person that is a cup that is the same  type of cup as you so if you imagine  yourself as a water bottle and this is  two ozarka bottles if you meet a spouse  that is just a cat and then you're a  bottle when you go into pouring into  this person they're a cat so that means  they can only hold a cap full of what  you've poured well if you pour  everything you got into them they've  only held a capful amount so now it's  time for them to pour back into you and  all they have is the cat but you're  still this whole bottle so you expect  this little cap to fill all of you up  that doesn't work so now i'm realizing  i've been walking around feeling like a  bottle where really i'm a cat and i'm  out here looking for bottles and [ __ ]  are shaped like bottles ain't full of  [ __ ] and i have nothing to fill them  with so i'm empty and low and these men  are empty too and i'm out here mad about  it so i had to take a step back and i've  just learned this i have to take a step  back and look at myself and realize girl  you don't even have [ __ ] to offer why  you are mad at these men so how about  you focus on getting you something to  offer a man that would be something that  they could walk away from you and feel  like you know what i got i can't live  without her because without her i can't  do this this and this and this because  i'm telling you with me you can get you  some attitude all the [ __ ] got  attitude well i got one of them nobody  wants that and with me you can get a  baby because i seem to make those but  all the [ __ ] do that so what about me  is going to be different from this next  female i'm about to take the time to  figure that [ __ ] out so i just want to  share with y'all that  some of us ladies may not necessarily  have anything to offer a man and we  don't realize that because we feel like  we're a woman and that's enough but if  you want a man to be more than just a  [ __ ] then you gonna kind of have to be  more than just a [ __ ]  the hardest thing  for a man to say to a woman  and the hardest thing for a woman to  hear the hardest thing for her to live  with for her to really accept  while that relationship is going on  is  you  will never be the mother  of my  kids  and it's [ __ ] up  even for people who are committed  anti-natalists even for people who are  committed child free even people who  never want to have kids in their life  but it's more [ __ ] up  when you're talking about teenage  couples couples in their 20s even  couples in their 30s  where they're in a long-term  relationship but the rules of the game  are the rules that both sides have  agreed to  is that i'm never gonna have kids with  you because that's not who you are  for me there's someone else  maybe someone i haven't met yet maybe  someone i haven't even imagined and  maybe someone i already know maybe  someone i'm already thinking about and  they're the person  i'm gonna have kids with and in our  whole culture we pretend this isn't  [ __ ] up we pretend this isn't immoral  that it isn't traumatizing for everyone  involved we use terms like oh  it's just casual it's just a casual  relationship you do the [ __ ] dishes  together you sleep in the same bed you  wake up and eat breakfast together  knowing that he is never going to be the  father of your baby  and yeah maybe that's because at this  stage in your life or as a commitment to  last your whole life you never want to  have kids with anyone at all but maybe  it's not and when he's looking at you  he's thinking  what do i mean to you and what do you  mean to me  all right for that woman  what is she to you if she is just the  [ __ ] you happen to be [ __ ] but she's  never gonna be part of your life in that  way you're never gonna trust her  to that extent  on that level  right not all relationships have to be  about reproduction not all relationships  even have to be about sex you can have a  sexual relationship that's not about  settling down that's not about raising a  family i'm in my 40s  i get it  but what has become  normal in mainstream middle class  american society from your teenage years  through to like 35  is having very close  loving accepting codependent  relationships  built on a kind of  constant  subtle rejection  in which the other person knows and  you're reminding each other constantly  you're not good enough  you are never going to be the father of  my child you are never going to be the  mother of my kids and if by accident you  should happen to get pregnant you're  going to have an abortion and or we're  splitting up because the explicitly  stated rules of the game are that if  that happens you've got to get an  abortion because me and you and that kid  not gonna happen not the next 10 years  of my life  no  i'm what you'd call  a bookish intellectual right there's a  there's a kind of  academic  side of my life it's not my whole life  all right i could be with a woman i  could be with a very attractive woman  where it's clear from the beginning the  relationship she's never going to be  a part of my intellectual life  now on the other hand  i could find and be with a very  intellectual woman  who is never part of shall we say the  show business side of my life he's never  part of my youtube channel or my  creative writing aspirations or my  filmmaking aspirations or my book  publisher you can imagine maybe there's  a girl who's part of the book reading  some of my life and not the stand-up  comedy some of my life not the show  business say my friend  you're [ __ ] telling me it's normal in  this relationship to fall in love with  somebody to live with them to cook their  food to walk their dog and pick up that  hot poo that comes out of their dog's  [ __ ] to live these really [ __ ]  middle-aged co-dependent relation tight  personal relationships that resemble  marriage so much for so many years  but we're on a deep level you're saying  you're knowing you're feeling all the  time there's this other part of my life  which is sexual reproduction  which is starting a family  and that's never going to be with you  because you're part of my sex life but  not my reproductive life  that's a tragedy so common that's become  to us in this culture completely [ __ ]  invisible  [Music]